changes to header, footer and service navigation (#4547)
alphagov/govuk-design-system: src/components/breadcrumbs/index.md

---

{% from "_example.njk" import example %}
{% from "_brand-callout.njk" import brandCallout %}

The breadcrumbs component helps users to understand where they are within a website’s structure and move between levels.

{{ example({ group: "components", item: "breadcrumbs", example: "default", html: true, nunjucks: true, open: false, loading: "eager" }) }}

{% call brandCallout({ text: "Brand", classes: "brand-tag-green" }) %}

> <h2>Brand changes might affect the {{title}} component</h2><p class="govuk-body">From June 2025, parts of the Design System will be updated to support a wider refresh of the GOV.UK brand. <a href="/components/header/">See the refreshed GOV.UK brand identity.</a></p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<h2>Brand changes might affect the {{title}} component</h2><p class="govuk-body">From June 2025, parts of the Design System will change to support a wider refresh of the GOV.UK brand. </p>
```
